This directory contains some scripts which may be useful on a un*x platform.

embergraphenv
 
          The configuration file for the shell environment.  The other
          scripts in this directory rely on this script to setup their
          environment.  This is configured by editing the
          build.properties file before running 'ant install'.  Once
          installed, you MAY edit the file but be aware that parameter
          substitution has taken place for files in both this
          directory and the config directory.
 
embergraph

		  An init.d style script with start, stop, status, destroy, etc. actions.
		  In order to start up embergraph on a cluster, this script must be executed
		  on each machine which will participate in the embergraph federation.  This
		  can be done in a variety of ways, including cron jobs, puppet, torque,
		  etc.

	start - Starts a embergraph services manager on the local host.  The services
			manager will discover services which are already running and will
			attempt to start any services which may run on the local host based
			on the current configuration.
			
	stop  - Stops the embergraph services manager and any services on the local host
			which it was managing.  Services which have been stopped may be restarted
			at a later time.
			
  destroy - Destroys the embergraph services manager and any services on the local
			host which it was manager together with their data.  This action will
			DESTROY any persistent data associated with those service(s). 

   status - Reports on the run state of the embergraph services manager on the local
   			host.

      hup - Sends a HUP signal to the services manager.  This will cause a configuration
            push (the configuration will be read from its file or URL and written into
            zookeeper) and may cause new services to be started based on the updated
            configuration.

     file <file>
          - Reads the desired run state from the specified file.

embergraphup
embergraphdown
embergraphprecond
embergraphsetup
          
          These scripts are invoked automatically by the embergraph script.

crontab.user

		  A sample user crontab.  If installed, it will execute the 'embergraph' script
		  once per minute specifying the desired run state indirectly using the 'file'
		  argument and passing @stateFile@ as the file containing the desired run state.
		  This is not installed by default.

crontab.system

		  A sample system crontab.  If installed, it will execute the 'embergraph' script
		  once per minute specifying the desired run state indirectly using the 'file'
		  argument and passing @stateFile@ as the file containing the desired run state.
		  This is not installed by default.

POST-INSTALL

		  Some notes on how to get started once you have run the 'ant install'
		  target.

dumpZoo.sh

		  Dumps the zookeeper state onto stdout.
		  
counters.sh

          Starts an httpd instance which may be used to view historical or post-
          mortem performance counters or events logged by embergraph.
          
